The Essential UTAU Toolkit

This is a collection of things that you can use for things involving hiragana/romaji
conversions and other stuff. Whether or not you have changed your locale, all of the
things in this toolkit can still be useful to you.

Please note that since version 6.0, this toolkit no longer has its own native UST converter.
If you are desperate to use it, the last version that supported it was version 5.1, which you
can still download at the page. However, I am not taking any more questions or bug reports
regarding anything before the current version.

The regular voicebank aliaser runs on a code release called "TextRep". The TextRep core
program was made by Xiangyang Liu on The Code Project. In order for TextRep to run,
you must have Java. Now most computers today have Java on it, but just in case, you may
want to make sure you have Java before you try anything. To see if you have the latest
version of Java, visit http://www.java.com/en/download/installed.jsp .

Windows 7 users may have problems running the regular release aliaser.
Thus, please run the version inside "Voicebank Aliaser [Win7]" if and only if you have these problems.
Please note that there may be some locale errors with this. Also, to use the Windows 7 version,
you need to install Perl, which you may obtain at http://strawberryperl.com/ .

If you have any bug reports, suggestions, or comments, please email me at
asterselene@gmail.com or contact me on the Overseas UTAU Forum or Vocaloid Otaku.

There is also a side program called "TestUST". I did not make this program; it was made
by BlueboyX. It generates a test UST for a new voicebank. A readme is included. I am not
responsible for maintaining the program; all bug reports regarding that program go to him.

The Windows 7 Perl version was created by N8.

Please read the readmes for each individual section as well.

Redistribution in whole or part is not allowed (unless you are redistributing the
TextRep program and the TextRep program only). In addition, edits or derivations
of the program may only be done after an email is sent to asterselene@gmail.com
regarding the purposes of the edit and the location of the redistribution. The
exception for the redistribution/edit clause is regarding translated versions,
in which they may be done freely after only the translation is applied.